I want to put together something like Steve Yegge's Gastown, but more straightforward. Using beads is not a bad idea, but I'd like to focus on a workflow that uses 4 or less agents (depending on task complexity). I'd like each of the agents to have a "watcher" that ensures they don't do anything that isn't allowed. I'd like to optimize for lower hardware specs as well as reduced token usage (so lower cost). For task instigation, I'd like to give a task to a "planner" agent, have it return a plan that needs to be approved, then split out to other agents. The agents should each have a unique ID and use a simple yaml file w/ a list of tasks to allow them to claim a task by assigning their ID to the task in the file (that is subsequently shared). After claiming a task, the agents should use whatever isolation method is needed (again, maybe beads solves this??), the watchers should validate anything the agents do to ensure it is "allowed" (per a config file that is setup prior to execution), then work. Lock files for directories/files would be extremely helpful to ensure that merges are easier and we don't fight through merge commit hell. I'd also like agents to be handled in "waves". Once the worker agents finish their individual small tasks, I'd like them to stop/pause and have a wave of "validator" agents that validate the work done. Once all work is validated, that agent/agents should pause/stop, and a "merger" agent should handle coalescing the wave of validated changes into one or more cohesive changesets. After, we repeat. It would be fantastic if there were a way to chain the changesets such that a human in the loop could review/approve several in a row before kicking off the next session. Ensure there are protections in place for agent lifecycles (should make sure orphaned/zombie agents don't keep running/etc). Ensure the configuration at the beginning is extremely thorough in what the agents are/are not allowed to do and/or touch and ensure that the watchers stick to it when evaluating what the agents are doing. If possible, using tools and solutions that already exist is absolutely a great idea and encouraged. But don't use tools and solutions that do not fit the model described. Much of what I'm thinking seems to be helped if not handled by the superpowers plugin from obra. Definitely take a look at that to help reduce cost and ensure session independence.